How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug 
that was introduced?
Skimming down the left column to check for where lines were
added/removed, it was easy to pinpoint the changes and then
examine only those lines in more detail for possible errors.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
- if a change caused more bugs or otherwise was undesirable, 
it would be easy to roll back to an earlier build
- by having older versions available, you could do direct
comparisons with the current file by using diff for FC commands

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Pros: commits contain logically delineated changes, making
comparisons and further changes easy to make
Cons: user must remember to commit at regular intervals; subjective
choice of when to commit could create diffs that are too big/small

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
the code files are likely to interact with one another (e.g., 
method calls or imports), so it's more useful to have any changes
recorded for the entire file group, rather than individually. For
something like google docs, the files are likely to stand alone and their changes would not affect other files 
in the same direct way.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log - displays a log of all commits to this repo
git diff - compares two commits (use ids of commits as seen using git log)
and displays the changes made between versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
If you did end up breaking something, you could just checkout
a previous commit and start a branch from there

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
For exploring and expanding on the project that Gail has asked me
to work on.

